DOC-502-create-feature-flag (#578)
amplitude/amplitude-docs: content/collections/workflow/en/feature-flag-rollouts.md

updated_at: 1724884966
landing: true
---

> In Amplitude Experiment, a flag is a way for you to enable or disable a function or feature in your product without having to deploy new code each time. Flags drive both experiments and feature rollouts: They’re ideal for launching experiments and ending them once you’ve collected enough data, or for rolling out new features (and rolling them back quickly if you need to).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Amplitude Experiment, a feature flag is a way for you to enable or disable a function or feature in your product without needing to deploy new code. Flags drive both experiments and feature rollouts: They’re ideal for launching experiments and ending them once you collect enough data, or for rolling out new features (and rolling them back quickly if you need to).
```

This article explains how to create a flag for a feature rollout. If you need information on how to use flags in your experiments, start with our article on [rolling out your experiment to your users](/docs/feature-experiment/workflow/experiment-test).

### Feature availability

This feature is available to users on all Amplitude plans. See the [pricing page](https://amplitude.com/pricing) for more details.

## Create a new flag

> You can't create a new flag until you've created a deployment and either installed the [SDK](/docs/sdks/experiment-sdks) or set up to call the [evaluation REST API](/docs/apis/experiment/experiment-evaluation-api). Once you've done that, follow these steps:

Reviewer: Active voice here please.

> 1. Navigate to Experiment > Feature Flags in the left-hand sidebar. Select + Create Feature Flag.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Navigate to *Experiment > Feature Flags* in the left sidebar. Click **+ Create Feature Flag**.
```

We try to standardize around italics for navigation instructions, and bold for button names.
